You old thing, how dare you hit me?
He's your father-in-law
Father-in-law had a marriage contract and died in a brothel
Your Majesty
Please also take back his engagement with his little daughter
The thirteenth brother of the emperor is ignorant
stubborn
It is indeed not worthy of Princess Yongning
This Princess Yongning is good-looking.
So ugly
Please take back your life
That being the case
Cancellation of engagement
Thank you your majesty
I can't be ashamed of the gentleman either
I specially held a wedding banquet for the princess
Then say it well
I don't know which little unlucky guy it is
You should also participate in the wedding banquet
If you don't perform well
I will send you to the border to join the army
Thirteenth brother
If you know money, it 300,000 military power if you dare to touch it
It will be good to have you in the future
What military power?
Still ugly, if you marry the princess
That means that the king of Zhenbei has been mastered in disguise
300,000 military power
It's very tough on the competition princes
You are the only useless prince who still wants to compete for the crown prince
What does the second force mean?
Ah it's alright
Kua Fourth Brother is smart
You say
Compared to you, I am indeed the worst
Hahaha